# [G48]
This following is a very simple team meeting template. You should expand it based on the scope and nature of your discussion.

## Team Meeting [number] - Week [8] - [26/04/2023] (1:25pm-3pm)
**Absent: none**
<br>
**Lead/scribe: Punit**

## Agreed Procedure
Meeting tomorrow (27 Apr) to continue where we left.

## Agenda Items
| Number   |                                           Item |
|:---------|-----------------------------------------------:|
| [1]      |                      [Specifying app features] |
| [2]      | [Working on the basic features implementation] |
| [3]      |                        [Distribution of tasks] |

## Meeting Minutes
- Discussing specific general features:
Everyone agrees to the implementation of 6 general features with the goal of implementing 1 easy, 
3 medium and 2 Hard tasks. Lana and myself discussed about implementing the following features after
cross-checking the ones mentioned by Yanghe:
1. [UI-Layout] - UI must have portrait and landscape layout variants and support of different screen sizes (easy) 
2. [Data-Graphical] - Graphical report for your course and assessments. (medium)
3. [Firebase-Persist] - Use firebase to persist (store) all data used in our app (medium)
4. [UI-Testing] - Write UI tests. (hard)
5. [Search-Invalid]/[Interactivity-Noti] - Partial valid/invalid search queries or sending notification based
of different type of interactions.
6. The last hard/medium feature could be implemented afterwards
<br>
- Working on the basic features implementation:
Yanghe, Ahmed, and Steven discussed the implementation of trees and how to store values. From what 
I understand, the keys for the trees will be names so that the tree can be quickly traversed to 
search for a particular name using a parser and tokenizer. The purpose of this search is to 
display graphical data of friends or classmates in the course. The courses for each student 
will be defined in the tree (more clarity is needed in the next meeting) .<br>
The minutes of this meeting will be combined with the next meeting's, which has been agreed upon 
to take place on April 27th from 11 am to 2 pm. The meeting was disrupted as Ahmed and I had to 
leave at 3 pm. During the next meeting, specific tasks will be divided and completed to meet the
checkpoint requirements that will be presented to the tutor.
<br>
- Distribution of tasks:
Steven would set up the project and the xml files, the tasks are not yet specified and will be discussed in the meeting

## TODO Items
| Task | Assignee |
| :--- | ---: |
| [task] | [assignee] |
| [task] | [assignee] |


