# [G48]
## Team Meeting [4] - Week [1] - [17/05/23] (11am-2pm)
**Absent: none**
<br>
**Lead/scribe: Lana (u7103031) **

## Agenda Items
| Number |                                                            Item |
|:-------|----------------------------------------------------------------:|
| [1]    | [Setting up 2500 data instances and persisting data in our app] |
| [2]    |                                    [Discussion of search logic] |
| [3]    |                                      [implement Data Graphical] |
| [4]    |                                             [Discuss UI Design] |

## Meeting Minutes
- Ahmed and Yanghe worked together and discussed how to implement the Firebase features. 
- Discussed the way we envision the leaderboard working. This would require the Firebase to update periodically, to update each users study times. The leaderboard will have a ranking system displaying the top 5 users registered in thae app. Ahmed will work on the xml for this activity
- Search still has some bugs, so Steven and Lana (u7103031)  will work to make sure that there are no search queries that cause the app to crash, and that search terms including the college, course, code, or convener will yield results.
- There are still some bugs with adding assessments and conveners when reading from the JSON file.
- Punit will finalise the display of the course overviews and adding and removing courses from the search activity. He will also work on overall UI designs and elements.

## TODO Items
| Task                                         |           Assignee |
|:---------------------------------------------|-------------------:|
| [2500 Data instances]                        |            [Ahmed] |
| [Firebase Persist]                           | [Ahmed and Yanghe] |
| [Firebase Synth]                             | [Ahmed and Yanghe] |
| [Leaderboard]                                | [Ahmed and Yanghe] |
| [Displaying Assessments]                     |            [Punit] |
| [UI Design]                                  |            [Punit] |
| [Finalise search functionality and validity] |  [Steven and Lana (u7103031) ] |
| [Refactor and debug current code]            |         [Everyone] |
